DAN: After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan Interspace
and forced us out, things took a turn for the worse
in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home,
so we could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - CREIGHTON DAN AND DANIEL LEBLANC,
\"THIS IS BAKUGAN\"]
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You've got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan!
[tense music]
You need to watch your mouth.
[screaming]
My guess is that it wasn't Fabia who took Kazarina down.
Fine!
You're right.
Master Gill stayed behind to take care of Kazarina.
He had enough of her.
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Code Eve.
NURZAK: Keep going!
My ship is just up ahead.
Perfect!
We can use it to get back to
Neathia!
How much further?
It feels like my legs are going to fall off.
NURZAK: Less talking, more running.
Well, this looks really bad.
Hmm.
[krakix roars]
Photon Gladiator!
[intense music]
Seriously?
How could he do that?
With only one shot!
He took out all of the Castle Knights!
This is the level of power the evolved Phantom Dharak has now.
[phantom dharak roaring]
Are you ready to meet your maker, Drago?
[explosions]
Ability activate!
Deadly Nebulous!
[roaring]
Ability activate!
Offering Armor!
This is for making me run!
Ability activate!
Mirage Fist!
[roaring]
Grrr.
Get on board.
Quickly everyone!
GILL: Where's that old fool think he's going?
Aranaut?
Got it.
Krakix, don't let them leave!
Destroy the ship and everyone inside!
Not so fast creep face.
What are you doing?
Get over here!
You're welcome Sheesh.
Talk about ungrateful.
FABIA: Mason!
Yeah, yeah.
We're coming.
Follow them Krakix!
[roaring]
REN: You know what we have to do Linehalt.
[screeching]
Now guys!
Counterattack!
Razen Breaker!
This is getting fun!
Bakugan!
brawl!
Ability activate!
Invisa Effect!
[roaring]
Where'd he go?
I'm right behind you!
Huh?
[crazed laughter]
Ability activate!
Megalo Skaney!
[groaning]
Get ready Dharak!
You're going down!
Watch out Dan!
OK Phosphos!
Ability activate!
Gorgon Viper!
[screaming]
Lena!
What just happened?
That was intense!
No kidding.
[dharak laughs]
Exodus Shaker!
Elright heads up!
[screaming]
Hold on Elright!
Hiya!
(WEAKLY) OK, Princes.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Ready?
You bet!
Let's do this!
Ability activate!
Mirage Fist!
Hah!
[intense music]
Fabia!
Hey!
Nice one!
Mason?
The dead have risen!
What an interesting turn of events.
Relax Jesse.
We were never dead.
Wait!
Maybe they're ghosts?
REN: Don't be silly Zenet.
They're not ghosts or zombies, or anything like that.
Well, now that our original cast has been reunited,
I say it's time we treat Barodius to the performance
of a lifetime.
Or we could just give him a good thrashing?
Time is of the essence.
We all know what we have to do.
Well, well.
Looks like your precious master Gill
failed to shut down those traitorous weasels.
Huh?
Just be quiet.
Hey, hey.
Speak of the devil.
My humblest apologies for being late Emperor Barodius.
Where is Kazarina?
Right.
Well unfortunately, Kazarina was taken down
in their battle against Fabia.
I'm sorry.
There was nothing I could do.
Yeah right Gill!
Let me understand this.
Are you saying the Neathian princess took down Kazarina?
Yes sire.
That's correct.
I know it was you Gill.
Huh?
How did the emperor find out?
Hmm.
Huh?
You did it!
I don't know what you're talking about friend.
GILL (VOICEOVER): This is very bad.
Ability activate!
Chaos Magnalia!
Master Gill you've got to run!
Strikeflier!
Help him!
Leave it to me.
Now Dharak!
[screaming]
[alarm blaring]
Master Gill!
[screaming]
Something's happening with the Orb!
DRAGO: Why would Dharak shoot down one of their own ships?
It's madness.
What the heck is going on here, guys?
Insolence will not be tolerated, Dharak!
This battle is about to go full tilt crazy, Drago!
[intense music]
Ability activate!
Bolting Storm!
Time to enter stage right!
Ability activate!
Fly Slasher!
Ifrit Cannon!
DHARAK: It would appear that we've
suffered heavy losses Emperor.
How would you like to proceed with the next attack?
Destroy them for Kazarina.
[roaring]
Here we go!
Remember you guys!
Strength in numbers!
Dan's right!
If we hit them with a coordinated attack,
there's no way we can lose.
The outcome of this battle is irrelevant.
Keep the brawlers occupied while I go and get what we came for.
Enjoy your play time.
I'll be back soon.
Barodius!
Out of my way fool!
You're the fool if you think we're going to let you by.
Now Aranaut!
Don't trifle with me!
Barrow Laia!
Huh?
Thunder Gladiator!
[screaming]
Princess!
(WEAKLY) Aranaut, we can't let him get past us.
Keep fighting!
Fabia!
It looks like Barodius is headed
for the Neathian royal palace!
He must be going after the Sacred Orb!
We have to stop him.
Dan, leave Dharak to me and the others.
You and Dragonoid Colossus should go after Barodius.
Sounds good.
Just watch your back, he fights dirty.
[roaring]
Don't worry Dan.
SHUN: We've got Drago's back.
Thanks!
I'll be back as soon as I can.
I don't know if Dan and Drago should separate.
Don't sweat it Dude.
Whether they're together or apart,
those two always fight as a solid unit.
[roar]
Still on your foolish quest?
I thought I had gotten rid of you old man.
I warned you, time and time again, that pursuing the Sacred
Orb would end badly for you.
Didn't I Barodius?
I'm losing my patience.
That's not all you'll lose.
Now Sabator!
[roar]
Acid Bubble!
[crazed laughter]
Nice one Lythirus.
Couldn't have played that better myself.
Sabator!
You will pay!
Will you never learn fool?
Face it dude.
You're toast.
There's no way you can take on all of us and win!
This is the end Dharak!
SHUN: Get ready everyone.
DRAGO: Don't hold anything back.
ALL: Ability activate!
Crush Arrow!
Bolting Fang Combat Shot!
Spiral Pressure!
Razen Breaker!
Dual Fernum!
Tempest Shield.
[gasp]
Now what?
Let me think.
Hmm.
Let me know what you come up with.
Barrow Laia!
Where'd he go?
Don't let him get away buddy!
Not a chance!
Chaos Magnalia!
Huh?
End of the line!
Hold on tight Dan!
[screaming]
Let's get in on the Kuso blasting action, Lythirus.
Acid Bubble!
Come on hang in there buddy!
My eyes!
They burn!
Well done Lythirus.
Don't let go.
Dan, you'll need to go ahead on your own.
What?
Are you crazy?
Whoa!
Hey, you're cutting a little close!
[screaming]
How could you betray us?
Protect the Sacred Orb at all costs Dan!
[screaming]
Hey, you halt!
Where did Dharak get to?
Ah man!
Spiral Pressure!
Too late fish boy!
Lavolta!
Why'd you call me fish boy?
Marucho!
I'll get you for that Dharak.
Darkness Shaker!
[screaming]
[explosion] - Huh?
Barodius!
What--
Which way to the Queen's private quarters?
Let's go Hawktor!
You got it.
I'm ready to rock!
Just say the word.
Photon Gladiator!
Whoa!
What happened?
(WEAKLY) Please help the queen.
What?
You have to hurry!
He's headed for the throne room.
Why don't you show me some of that forbidden power
you possess?
You know the only chance you have to beat me is to use it.
The cost of using the forbidden power is too high.
I swore I would never use it again!
Then I guess we have nothing left to discuss.
Linehalt!
Get back!
Evil Bind!
No.
Linehalt.
Halt now!
You heard what he said!
Intruder!
So we meet at last.
I am your new emperor.
Barodius.
Finally!
We get some alone time Drago.
Only one of us will be standing when this is over,
and it won't be you!
We'll see about that.
I guarantee it!
How would you like to proceed?
Would you prefer to surrender before or after
I take the Sacred Orb?
You're insane if you think that's going to happen.
It most certainly will.
The only question is whether or not you are
smart enough to stop resisting.
This isn't a request my lady.
It's an order!
Listen to me.
If you want to take the Sacred Orb,
you're going to have to go through me first, Barodius.
OK.
That can easily be arranged.
Leave her alone!
Barodius!
[intense music]
What?
Where am I?
Are you OK Dan?
Drago.
I feel a tremendous energy around us.
Huh?
Dharak!
Barodius!
What's happening here?
I have no idea.
Greetings.
I am Code Eve, the Mother Light of all Bakugan.
DAN: Just when Drago and I were about to go toe
to toe with Barodius and Dharak, something funky happened
and we got hit by this big blast of light.
Next thing we know, we're face to face with something
called Code Eve!
Anyhow, she starts telling us about the origin of the Bakugan
and how the original Bakugan DNA is
part of the most powerful being of all, the Ultimate Warrior.
That's when things started to get really nutty,
and we found ourselves in a final battle against Barodius.
Tune in to see how all the fierce action went down!
This one's easily the most intense point of our life.
Check it out for yourself.
[theme music]